01-11-2008, 10:20 AM
hurgoll
Hi, I have had asthma since about 6-8 months old. Now at 44 I am finally &quot;outgrowing it&quot; I never really though that could happen and I haven't needed my inhaler in about a year now. They said it would happen in my teen years or not at all. Anyone else ever heard of this? 

01-12-2008, 12:17 AM
Lyndsey
Someone just told me today that his asthma disappeared for three years and is now back, so apparently it's more elastic than I imagined. I know that my allergies lessened significantly after I bought a Hepa filter for the bedroom! 

01-12-2008, 10:36 AM
live
You'll definitely want a filter of some type or let some fresh air in more often. Another thing you may want to consider is changing your mattress. A bed is an incubator for dustmites and their feces. According to the American Lung Association, around 50-80% of asthma and hayfever are triggered due to infections from dust mites. Read more about [URL=&quot;http://www.essentiadirect.com/research/dust-mites&quot;]dust mites here[/URL]. 

01-12-2008, 09:24 PM
mollyL
I never heard of anyone outgrowing asthma; I think it's great that you can. I wonder what are the factors that make it possible? 

01-12-2008, 10:46 PM
tater03
I had it when I was a child really bad. I can say that I have outgrown it. I don't use an inhaler anymore and haven't for over ten years. The only thing that I still say are remenents of it would have to be when I get a cold it seems to settle in my chest and is harder to get rid of. 

01-12-2008, 11:07 PM
ammulu
I had asthma from the time I was 6 mth old and I would really suffer a lot, but I heard of a medicine that is given once every year that is mainly consisting of fish oil that treats people suffering from Asthma, I was given every year for about 10 years and the moment I finished my High School I was perfect and till date I have never been again having this problem. 

01-13-2008, 02:28 AM
Jewel
My younger brother has had asthma since he was just a baby. Now he is seven years old, and he has no problems at all. It used to be horrible, and now it's as if he never had it. 

01-13-2008, 11:37 PM
hurgoll
I went through a period when I was a kid that I stopped having attacks at all. It lasted about 8 months. I then fell and cut myself on some old metal scraps. at the hospital they gave my a shot of something that I had a very bad reaction to and my lungs filled with fluids and I started having asthma attacks again. I cried for a long time I thought I had beaten my attacks. I never thought I would stop having them again. I am so careful about shots from doctors and other things I might have an allergic reaction too. 

01-28-2008, 12:10 AM
fiona
I seem to have developed asthma as an adult and I have an attack a few times a month. I never had any breathing problems as a child, so I have no idea why it has developed now. I do believe that with my other health issues created this problem. 

02-17-2008, 01:15 AM
mollyL
Asthma can come from nerves as well. My nephew developed it for a few years (his parents were having big marital problems) and then it seemed to go away by itself. 

02-17-2008, 03:38 PM
riskey58
My daughter had astham has a child. she was really bad. and had a really rough time. But she did grow out of it as she got older. Her doctor said that happens quite often. 

02-18-2008, 03:03 AM
Green-Moo
I know that allergies can change throughout your life, so I suppose that if your athsma is caused by an allergy then it could well change too. I don't really know much about it, but lucky you to be improving after so many years! 

03-10-2008, 12:21 AM
mollyL
My nephew was diagnosed with asthma when he was about eight years old. My brother and sister-in-law were having some big troubles with their marriage and fought in front of the kids. My mother noticed that when bro and sil were quarreling my nephew would start to get an attack. Once my bro and sil worked out their problems, my nephew stopped having attacks. I've never encountered another case like his, but it was with my nephew. 

04-14-2008, 02:08 AM
micheal
That is something new to me, I never thought you could outgrow astham, I thought this was something that you would have to live with for the rest of your life. Is there anything you did to cause this? 

07-11-2008, 04:40 AM
justontime
Quote: Originally Posted by fiona I seem to have developed asthma as an adult and I have an attack a few times a month. I never had any breathing problems as a child, so I have no idea why it has developed now. I do believe that with my other health issues created this problem. I developed it as an adult too, in my case it started after a very bad bout of bronchitis. I had absolutely no problems as a child and I have never smoked or spent time in smoke filled atmospheres so I don't know why I developed it. 

11-05-2009, 07:48 AM
YMS_1975
Hiya folks, New to the forum, but unfortunately not new to asthma. I've had asthma since I was a kid (like around 7 or 8 I think...maybe even younger). I'm now 34 1/2 (not ready to be 35 yet ) Anyways, I am sick and tired of getting sick from asthma. I mean, downright sick of it. Every year (like clock work) I get sick for like a couple of months. It usually starts off as the &quot;flu&quot; or as a cold I tend to pick up around this time of year (fall) and I stay sick well into February or so. My family practitioner has referred me to the local hospital earlier this year, as they have an asthma clinic. What a waste that was. They didn't provide any helpful services. Just those annoying tests where you breathe in the tube until you feel faint. And to top it off, the hospital doctor (whom he had referred me to) gave me meds (Salbutamol &amp; Cingulair) which he never prescribed to me himself in the past. He referred me to them, so one would think they are some what proficient in their given field. At least, that's what I thought. None of the meds given to me at the asthma clinic worked. Not only that, but when I met up with my family practitioner just two days ago, I needed refills on the meds they gave me at the asthma clinic, so I asked him. His response? &quot;Why are you taking this? It's a waste.&quot; He chuckled and said &quot;That's why I never prescribed it to you&quot;. He then upped my Advair dosage from 250 to 500 and complimented that with Prednisone. So asides from departing his office with the knowledge of having wasted my time, money and futile efforts in trying to heal myself at that asthma clinic, I also learned that my family practitioner is about the only one I should trust (even though he is the one who referred me to those other doctors in the first place). My family doctor is kind of rough around the edges, but whenever he prescribes me meds they usually work. He only referred me to them this last time because nothing was working. I just wasn't getting any better. And now I find myself in the same predicament, and quite frankly I'm getting sick and tired of this never-ending ferris wheel of a ride, called &quot;asthma&quot;. Hence, my presence on this website. I haven't slept all night because I've been hacking my lungs up with all the coughing I've been doing. I'm so tired, and I just want to connect with some people in Canada, who might be able to help me out. P.S. &gt;&gt; Sorry about this long rant. Like I said, I haven't slept all night and I really need some help on this. Kinda cranky right now. But it is a pleasure to meet you all. Hoping I can kick this thing. 

03-15-2010, 09:09 AM
EveNyasia
Its really very bad to have asthma, but through inhaler we could get rid of this problem up to some extend. 

10-18-2010, 04:39 AM
alexa123
here is currently no cure for asthma and no single exact cause has been identified. Therefore, understanding the changes that occur in asthma, how it makes you feel, and how it can behave over time is vital. This knowledge can empower people with asthma to take an active role in your own health. 

01-04-2011, 05:18 AM
JackMcIntosh
It sounds like your asthma may be coming back. Unfortunately, that can happen. You really need to see a doctor. Asthma is a serious illness. With treatment, people with asthma live healthy lives but untreated asthma can actually kill you. I don't want to upset you, but I want you to go to a doctor and get the treatment you need. 

05-20-2011, 03:32 AM
jameshscot
Asthma is a chronic disease such as air enters the respiratory tract and inflammation of the bronchi, the lung lobe, it affects breathing like this off. Or irritation when in contact with air causing allergic inflammation, the airline that people breathe hard, and tightening the already sensitive. 

