01-10-2008, 05:41 PM
mollyL
I am interested in how gastric bypass is done these days. I knew a girl in the 70s who had had a bypass and lost the weight but her health was shot. She had never taken care of her health, so it wasn't all the bypass' fault. I have not met up with anyone since who had a bypass. Two of my friends had a procedure done and I didn't get the name of it. They had something like a band placed around their stomachs but nothing was cut. You would not believe the weight they lost! Both of them say that they feel great now, and they look great as well! Has anybody done this? Or any info? 

01-10-2008, 05:47 PM
SageMother
Sounds like they had the &quot;lap band&quot; surgery. I know 3 women who have had bypasses and have lost gobs of weight. I just wonder what is going to happen to all of the extra skin that will be left behind. Even if they lose all the weight they want to, no one will be able to tell after a while because the bulkiness of the loose skin will still make them look pretty large. I think the removal of extra skin after a significant weight loss should be included with the bypass. 

01-13-2008, 03:03 PM
lovetochat
I would so avoid this. Why have surgery that isn't really needed? I have had three caesarians and afterwards you feel so painful and it slows you down for ages afterwards. And what if there were complications? Sounds too drastic. 

01-15-2008, 08:15 AM
hurgoll
My sister, her husband and a ex girlfriend all three had it done. Everyone one of them has problems. Everyone has gained the weight back. There is a place in Indiana that does nothing be treat people with bypass problems. Why? Because like I told my sister, you have an eating disorder. You need to fix why you eat that way, not the result of it. They all three lost a lot of weight and followed the diet for a while. But old habits and emotional feeding started again when they stopped hurting from the surgery. My brother in law has another problem with tearing in the belly. They all started slowly over eating and and eating the wrong foods and just like before started gaining it back. 

01-18-2008, 07:42 AM
baldmonkee
I only know one person who had it done, a girl I worked with a few years ago. She lost a tremendous amount of weight, but not long after gained it all back. I too would avoid this procedure if possible. 

01-20-2008, 05:55 PM
riskey58
I know a couple of people that have had it done. One of them had some problems, but the other one never had any problems. It may depend on what kind of health you are in. 

02-08-2008, 06:58 PM
Calypso
I had one friend that tried gastric bypass, but she, too, gained back all the weight she had lost. I'm trying to lose a large amount of weight myself. I considered a lap band procedure, but it was very expensive, and like Hurgoll pointed out, it doesn't address why the overeating occurs. I know I tend to overeat when I'm feeling really depressed. If I can control my depression, I can better control my diet. 

02-10-2008, 05:29 PM
SageMother
Actually, it does address why over eating occurs on one level, the sensation of fullness. Most people with emotional eating habits stop paying attention to what they are eating. With the bypass you have to follow a diet providing nutrients in smaller meals, because the stomach cannot hold as much or the entrance to the stomach is smaller. People have to pay attention to what they eat after bypass or lap band surgery. 

02-11-2008, 07:01 PM
Calypso
Quote: Originally Posted by SageMother Actually, it does address why over eating occurs on one level, the sensation of fullness. Most people with emotional eating habits stop paying attention to what they are eating. With the bypass you have to follow a diet providing nutrients in smaller meals, because the stomach cannot hold as much or the entrance to the stomach is smaller. People have to pay attention to what they eat after bypass or lap band surgery. I hear what you're saying, Sage, but I also know that when I'm upset and wanting to binge, I can keep stuffing food in long after my stomach sends me the &quot;full&quot; signal. I used to eat so much I would literally make myself sick. I assume it would be the same way even after the lap band surgery if I weren't addressing the emotional causes of my eating. 

05-11-2008, 04:50 PM
riskey58
Quote: Originally Posted by Calypso I had one friend that tried gastric bypass, but she, too, gained back all the weight she had lost. I'm trying to lose a large amount of weight myself. I considered a lap band procedure, but it was very expensive, and like Hurgoll pointed out, it doesn't address why the overeating occurs. I know I tend to overeat when I'm feeling really depressed. If I can control my depression, I can better control my diet. I haven't heard of anyone gaining all their weight back. I am really surprised. 

03-19-2010, 10:04 PM
mmgonsa
People need to realize that this surgery is a tool to assist with weight loss it is not a final solution. The surgery is 10%, 90% of what you do comes after the surgery. 

03-21-2010, 11:10 AM
mmgonsa
Anyone who is thinking of having Gastric Bypass or had it done should realize that GBS is a tool to assist you with your weight loss it is not a solution. If you have GBS and you go back to abusing food, you will gain the weight back just like if you were on Jenny Craig or Weight Watchers. Why would you want to eat the same things that made you over weight in the first place? 

11-20-2011, 07:03 AM
alexfarwa
i never heard before about gastric bypass is it relate to heart or stomach? 

