04-02-2011, 05:19 PM
SonarEclipse
I have been feeling really strange recently. I am a 20-year old male in good health (or used to be). I live in Calgary, Alberta. About a week ago, during the late evening, upon going to sleep, I noticed a large tingling sensation in my hands and legs, which moved around to other parts of my body. It was really hard to sleep that night. Nonetheless, I slept through it, and the next morning it was gone. I only noticed it was a little harder to move my hands afterwards. Yet this was just barely noticeable. Things were fine after that, and then about 6 days later, upon seeing the doctor about my condition, I began experiencing the symptoms again, this time worse. When at the doctor, I was told that my reflexes were fine and that I was not losing strength in my legs when she performed tests. I noticed that day that I was particularily tired, and came home exhausted. In lecture, I noticed a difference in my mouth or jaw. I noticed it was less easy to make certain sounds like interdental fricatives [s] or sibilants. Upon eating, I notice it's harder to chew and swollow. I struggled to sleep knowing the potential condition of MS. I did manage to sleep, however, and the next morning, my hands felt better but still tingly nonetheless. I performed fine for a couple hours, but in the afternoon, I suddenly felt tired again and could no longer focus. I arrived home to get my blood tests and xray done in order to confirm what was going on. I am still waiting on these results. The next evening, my hands felt better than the last day, but my jaw felt more &quot;pressed&quot;. I noticed that it was difficult for me to gargle upon going to bed. Then, I remembered that erectile dysfunction was a common symptom of MS. I checked to see if I could get an erection, and noticed I could no longer do so. I noticed I felt much less in the genetalia, and that nothing happened whatsoever upon stimulation. This is complete sexual dysfunction. I am wondering if this is a normal primary symptom of MS, given I have only been feeling &quot;strange&quot; for less than a week. Is it possible to achieve complete sexual dysfunction in 5 days? I recall doing just fine 5 days ago. Also, I am 20. Can MS completely demylenate the connections to those nerves (ie. Vegas nerve) responsible for attaining an erection? In the mean time, 1 day later, I now write this post hoping that someone may be able to speculate why I am experiencing what I am experiencing. It may be the case that I have MS, and in the case that someone else like me is experiencing similar symptoms, I would also like them to know the reason so that they can quickly see their doctor and so that they can perhaps avoid what I am experiencing now. Thanks to anyone who responds. 

04-17-2011, 12:46 PM
year45
Hi, I had experienced the same symptons as you, when I was about your age. But then, when at 23 years old, I had left eye blurred vision and left side of face became insensitive when I was shaving it. In the same time, my legs felt heavy and lacked coordination when walking, I could not run. After myeline tests were done, it confirmed MS. There were no medication at the time, 1969. The neurologist had suggested vitamin B12, which helped to recover some strenght but not all. As for the sexual dysfonction, It didn't seem any different but had lost some sensitivity. Just two months married at the time, the neuro had suggested I had children as soon as possible, which I conceived and my wife luckyly, had two healthy children. For some unexplicable reason, I had a relatively good life till I turned 41, then lost the ability to have erections just like that, without any other signs. When one morning, I woke just as tired as the night before. I began to feel very tired again. I had continued working but seeked doctor's help. In 1974, when MRI had been available, MS was still seen in my brain. I could no loger hold my job and when turned 50, I had to use a cane, then a walker at 55 and a wheelchair at 57. I hope my real story doesnt get you too scared, I wish you get better and that today's available medication can help you. Year 45 

09-04-2011, 10:19 AM
Kumar
Sahara is one of the worst business groups of India.Infact the government has tightened the snooze on them big time in the last 5 years-they have builr themselves on chit funds investments by poor people and have cheated them big time.Dont believe that they would do any good medical treatment either. 

12-19-2011, 11:38 AM
year45
Looking at porn helps get an erection, but if it does not, there cold be a number of explanations. High blood pressure medication, diabetes, MS (multiplesclerosis) a past spinal cord canal injury. Seeking the help of a neuro doctor could certainly help find the source of the erectile disfunction. You do not know if your husband is gay! Have you answed yourself that question? I once knew a couple that had been married for 5 years before the wife discovered her husband was gay. I hope I have given you some answers that can help.penis problem 

