10-24-2010, 04:14 AM
MacDuffie
There are many details to consider before getting a Nose Job that people commonly over look. It&#8217;s necessary to have reasonable expectations and discuss any concerns during a rhinoplasty consultation. Basic information is listed below that everyone should know before getting a Nose Job. It is very important to choose a qualified surgeon with extensive experience in Nose Job surgery. When you are going to choose a surgeon, make sure that they are Board Certified and have extensive knowledge of rhinoplasty. Secondly, post operative care is pivotal to recovery. Lymphatic fluid massages are extremely important to recovery and minizing scar formation. Scar tissue formation could result in a &quot;Polly beak&quot; deformity of your nose. This can be avoided simply by having lymphatic fluid massages once a week. Your surgeon should provide a massage therapist to assist in the recovery process. Vitamins such as zinc, bromelain and vitamin c should be taken two weeks prior to surgery and a month thereafter. After a lot of research I found this information while contacting Dr. Jhonny Salomon, who is an extremely talented rhinoplasty surgeon, one of the best. When choosing a surgeon you must assess their knowledge and never &quot;blindly&quot; chose based on simply liking the surgeon. It&#8217;s important to interview the surgeon, and get to know his experience and qualifications. Simply being a surgeon doesn't make you a good one, but experience is a factor that you must consider when hiring a rhinoplasty surgeon. To know more about Dr. Jhonny Salomon you may visit my signature links. Hope this information will help to all persons who are extremely looking for Nose surgery. &quot;bukisa.com/articles/372802_nose-job-surgery-facts-you-must-know-before-rhinoplasty&quot; 

09-24-2011, 03:04 PM
kirkbenoit
Do not be rude, just interested in terms of your history and what makes you an authority rhinoplasty? As for the massage therapist this is a controversial subject, my surgeon told me to leave well alone. nosesurgeryguide.com 

