02-05-2008, 05:23 PM
katharina
If you are single, is one of your struggles having to deal with well-meaning family and friends constantly badgering you to find someone to marry? I married at 22, so it wasn't really much of a problem, but I *do* remember some &quot;have a boyfriend yet&quot; questions. Ugh! 

02-06-2008, 04:06 PM
Jewel
When I was in high school my family often hassled me about starting to date. I just wasn't interested at that point, however. 

10-29-2008, 04:59 PM
Poprocks
I feel that were to young and need to live our lives before we start dating. If we start dating in highschool or even college and find someone it will usually never work because were young and want to go out and be primiscuous. I know it sounds bad but thats whats going on this day in age. Love is gone! at least until were 30 or so, but why waste time and end up with a broken heart is my point. 

10-29-2008, 07:22 PM
Taggart
I think it's best to be firm in your response to people who have questions about your personal life that doesn't really have anything to do with them. My wife let her sister know that she wasn't planning to start a family, in no uncertain terms. 

10-30-2008, 11:50 AM
justontime
I didn't have any pressure to marry, but I did get cross with silly comments when I had my children. Our first child was a girl, but when our second and third child came along it really annoyed me when people assumed that we wanted a boy - we didn't mind. It was especially insensitive because after several miscarriages all our thoughts were on having a healthy baby. 

11-08-2008, 01:30 AM
The right way
I did not have pressure to marry or date, infact my dad loved to answer the door or the phone and see if he could spook them away when I was a teen, his silly way of protecting me and getting a good laugh at the same time. I was married for 10 years and we both admitted we were board of each other and split up on good terms to try a new life. It was then that my parents were upset and became involved trying to convince me to stay with him because they really liked him. I left Onterio to go and warm up in BC and after a few years of running a business here and playing the field I found someone to settle with again. We both decided not to get married and because the family likes him they have been really cool about it, no pressure. I basically tell people when they ask us about kids or marriage that this is what makes us work well, why change it. We work together now in a home business and I feel more like I am married to him then I was with my 10 year marriage to my X. In my opinion the difference is paper work so you do what you want and tell them to live with it, it is your life and you wait till the right person comes along, there is no planning it by other people's standards and wishes. 

11-09-2008, 08:50 PM
mollyL
I wasn't into proper dating as a teenager. Our group hung out and did movies and dances etc as a group. I had a boyfriend for awhile when I was 16 or so but it didn't last long (thank god) and he was a member of the group so we went with our friends rather than dated. My mum started getting a little nervous about my &quot;situation&quot;. When I did meet a guy and went out on a proper date she fixed my hair and helped me pick out my clothes, and you would have thought she was the one going out. Well, that guy fizzled out after a month or so. Very soon after that I met my husband and I came home that night saying &quot;I've met the guy I'm going to marry.&quot; Well, dating was one thing but marrying was another. I met my future husband and married him within five months of marrying him, as soon as I turned 18. We outlasted all the threats, doubts,bets about how long til we divorced, and whatever else was on our relatives and friend's minds, and thirty seven years later, here we are. 

10-08-2009, 11:12 AM
Ghost65
I have been going through this lately. I have been single for 3 1/2 years now and many of my friends and relatives won't stop &quot;setting me up&quot; with potential dates. It can be quite annoying and also makes me wonder why people think they can assume that they know whta I want or am looking for in a partner, when I'm not even so sure myself. 

02-23-2012, 04:36 AM
comfortlife
I know this feeling...as I am going through this everyday..people should really understand that that it get's really annoying sometime... 

