01-28-2008, 08:47 AM
live
Aside from a referral from a friend, how do you choose a Chiropractor? How do you know if he's good? 1) How long they've been in practice. 2) If it's difficult to get an appointment. 3) Check online for reviews. 4) Location. 5) Ask for referral. Am i missing anything? 

05-28-2008, 06:43 PM
Serenity
You can and should also check to see if they are properly qualified. You certainly don't want to risk dealing with someone who isn't! Your spine is a very delicately tuned instrument and should be treated with respect. The Canadian Chiropractic Association, a voluntary organization representing licensed chiropractors would be somewhere to start. [url]http://www.ccachiro.org/[/url] 

06-02-2008, 04:58 PM
bscdc
The best way to choose is from a friend. Most chiropractors are good. Some are not. Here are some things to watch for: 1. If your complaint is low back pain then you don't have to have your neck treated. Rarely does your neck cause low back pain. A good chiropractor will listen to you and will examine your entire spine. However, he/she does not have to adjust the neck for a low back condition. 2. If your shoulder is your complaint (rotator cuff, tendinosis, etc.) then the chiropractor does not need to do x-rays of your whole spine. Treat the shoulder or joint only. 3. Beware of chiropractors who tell you they can fix your spine, straighten it, &quot;realign it but it will take 100 visits in the next year&quot;. Leave their office at once. 4. Devices! If they say they will use a certain device that clicks or taps. Thats a tricky one. If you don't feel a difference after 3 treatments then ask them to do something different. They should be open to options and not closed minded and use only one technique. 5. Theory. Some chiropractors use the theory of chiropractic to convince people that they need more care, even when they feel better. if you feel better and they still want to see you 2, 3 or more visits a week then LEAVE. They may use a fancy term &quot;subluxation&quot;. It is just a theory much like the theory of relativity. And as we all know, any theory can be stretched to encompass anyone's intentions. I hope this helps. 

06-03-2008, 01:49 PM
mollyL
Since I had a surgical fusion of my cervical spine, I can't use a chiropractor any more. When I could, I always went by friend's recommendations. The other thing, maybe it's silly, I wanted to check out his hands. If they looked gentle but sure in their movements, and most importantly, if they were CLEAN. I checked out a chiropractor who turned out to have dirt under his fingernails. You can imagine how fast I got out of there! 

07-09-2008, 11:24 AM
Swastik
It is similar to selecting any health care practitioner, finding the right chiropractor can be a complex decision. According to me, A good place to start is to ask a primary care physician for names of chiropractors who appear to be competent and trustworthy. 

11-09-2008, 07:47 AM
Taggart
I haven't gone to a chiropractor since I was a child, and then I went to the one my family saw. Do you think you'd be likely to get a recommendation from a family doctor? I understand that many doctors don't take the chiropractic profession seriously...? 

11-09-2008, 10:17 PM
bscdc
Some do and some don't. If your family is happy with the one you see then give it a try. 

12-20-2009, 09:57 PM
sam1977
This site has ratings for chiropractors and dentists in Canada: [url]www.servicerating.ca[/url] I was looking for a dentist a couple of weeks ago and a friend of mine has sent me this site after he wrote a review for his dentist. It's simple to use and has all or most of the dentists and chiropractors but unfortunately only some are rated. I think it's important that people write a comment about professionals that they are disappointed with or very happy with to help others choose. I know I appreciated those comments when making a decision and I had some bad experiences with both dentists and chiropractors. I'm very happy with the dentist I chose using the site (based on my first visit). 

04-05-2010, 06:39 PM
Patricia
Welll the best wway to choose a chiropractor in Canada is go to servicerating.ca thats how i choose mine You go there check out all the chiropractors and see which one has the best rating and you can even choose a relastate agent, dentist , optometrist and more ITS SOOO COOL 

04-01-2011, 10:54 PM
silveracura
Some chiropractors are hung up on the 'crack your body and fix it' method whereas some focus mostly on the overall wellbeing and optimal movement. I was totally against chiropractors until I met Kevin and Laura. They have helped my very close friends with their ART (Active Release Technique) and other unique concepts. They are certainly a cut above the rest. If you are in South Surrey (BC) area, or even in White Rock, I strongly recommend them!! Or check them out at Grandview Health Group [ www.grandviewhealthgroup.ca ] for appointments. Trust me its worth the drive to go see them. 

10-03-2011, 12:03 PM
healthyy148
Does the Chiropractor make your back worse or make you dependent on it!? 

12-02-2011, 12:32 PM
Dr Jabeen
Greetings, There have been some great comments above on how to choose a Chiropractor. I would also suggest that if you do decide to have a consultation, ask questions to the Chiropractor such as: &quot;Have you treated this condition before&quot; &quot;Do you recommend any other treatment along with Chiropractic care?&quot; You also want to ensure that your health philosophies are similar and that a plan of action has been discussed. Good luck, Dr. Jabeen www.vancouverchiropractic.com 

12-07-2011, 04:36 PM
jameskingama
Thanks for this one! a [url=&quot;http://www.kansha.com.au/chiropractor-noosaville.htm&quot;]chiropractor noosaville[/url] 

