08-03-2010, 10:30 AM
cumberlandperfectsleep
I am not a migraine sufferer. I do, however, have compelling feedback from friends and clients who are migraine sufferers, and have found help from their pain. I wanted to share, if that's okay. I have a buckwheat hull pillow business. I began the company when a chiropractor recommended such a pillow for my chronic shoulder-to-elbow injury (I played guitar professionally 5 hours a night, six nights a week, for a few years) which would awaken me at nights with unbearable pain. I'd sit up for an hour or so while the pain-killers kicked in, before I could lay down without the pain. After I got the pillow (which I'd never heard of up until the recommendation), I instantly slept better: zero pain. My neck was supported, and I slept in a properly aligned position, and I never awakened with pain again, as long as I slept on the pillow. Of course I was both over-whelmed at the simplicity, and amazed at the cure. I immediately found a supplier of buckwheat hulls and started my own company. Over time I learned many other benefits of the buckwheat hull pillow, and one of ways the pillows reputedly helped was, among other things, with migraine pain management. My friend, Ruth, had had a migraine every day upon waking for over a week. She bought the pillow, just the small one... and for the first time in a week awakened without a migraine, an at the time of contacting me, hadn't had one since. This is BIG! She is just one in a long list of folks who suffer from migraines who have had remarkable results with such a non-invasive thing as a pillow! Just wanted to pass this along; I just felt that if you didn't know about it, you should. In the meantime, I've been sleeping on the same a 30-dollar pillow that I bought five years ago! I'm too cheap to sew another, as long as this one is working perfectly. The best to you, one and all. -Bridget Cumberlandperfectsleep at yahoo.ca w w w . wix . c o m /Bridget M / Cumberland 

11-18-2011, 08:01 AM
katie
Changing pilow can help of course, but exersize helped me the most, I no longer have problems every day like.Music and avoiding stressful activities could help too 

