05-06-2009, 10:23 AM
sassydiva
I have a problem and I hope to be taken seriously. I have been involved in a long distance relationship for a year now. I was very resistant at first because of the distance but I absolutely adore this man. We have gotten closer over time. I have visited him a couple of times and it feels absolutely wonderful to be with him. We have talked about marriage and me relocating to be with him. We recently had sex for the first time. The foreplay was amazing but his penis is very small and I didn't feel anything post-penetration. After sex he seemed to pull away, as if ashamed. Later we were watching television and I pulled him towards me to cuddle and he seemed surprised. He asked &quot;Are you sure?&quot; So my problem is 2-fold... how do I bring it up to him? I don't want to say anything that would hurt or offend him but I want him to understand that I still want to be with him. I don't want it to be the pink elephant that we are afraid to talk about. I am also afraid of the relationship dying because of misconceptions. and 2) how do we work around it? better positions etc so that we can have a sex life that is fulfilling for us both? I am a very sexual person and a physical relationship is highly important to me. I am most concerned with how to talk to him about it. I know this is a highly sensitive subject for men and I don't want to upset him or be taken the wrong way. 

05-20-2009, 01:01 PM
qwerty
Well thankfully your not holding this against him. Obviously you like this individual for who he is not what he has and obviously he has been embarrassed. Now I don't have a world of experience but with you on the top you can have a little more control and from what I have learned (I am male) the female on top often leads to a much deeper penetration. I would say that the girth is a problem here as you said you feel nothing after penetration. Jeez, I don't know what else to say in terms of bettering the experience HOWEVER I suggest you ask for it again. Wanting it again will make him feel allot better, and be sincer about it. Actually want to have sex again, to see him enjoy trying to please you. At least this way he will feel like he can satisfy, because he can once you find something that works for both of you. Again my advice is pretty amateur but it makes sense to me. 

07-01-2009, 05:40 AM
davidscott
Well, i think that you should encourage him to do sex. Everybody today is talking about how to pleasure a woman, but nobody is giving an importance to the men. As there are erogenous zone on women body, even men have the pleasure zones through which they can enjoy sex more. Many a times women also fail to understand the men sexuality and this affect the sexual pleasure of men. I think you should play with his erogenous zone. Here are some erogenous zone of men... 1. Penis 2. Testis 3. Anus 4. Buttocks 5. Perineum 6. Scrotum 7. Belly 8. Navel 9. Nipples 10. Ears 

07-01-2009, 07:09 AM
austin66
ya i understand your situation but remember one thing that sex requires emotions and all but i think there will be no problem if his pennis is small but if had a huge emotion during sex then it is amazing to you. 

03-18-2011, 09:45 PM
bobs69
I agree with the above post. We have some books on positions and it describes who has control and if it's good for someone who is small and also positions that are good if your partner is real large. Really tho, it would be interesting to know how this works out. It would be horrible to think you were less then average. Whatever you do, don't confide in any of your girlfriends about this. People just can't keep their mouths shut. 

05-30-2011, 01:00 PM
ciaraa
there are so many boy that masturbate in early age so much that there penis size got reduced or they get many problems. now there are many medicines that can help in that. viagra and cialis are some important medicine that helps in erectile dysfunction and in premature ejaculation. thanks!! 

06-03-2011, 01:48 AM
stake
Penis size doesn't matter when there is feeling and emotion. However sometime partner may be unsatisfied, but sharing bonding and emotion can overcome that dissatisfaction. Drug therapy can help to attain temporary enlargement if size is really bugging your mood. 

10-29-2011, 02:18 AM
l_b_rex
I think a great way to reassure him without pointing it out is next time ou are playing with his penis just say casually &quot;I love your penis&quot;and really get in to whatever you are doing to it so you seem completely enthrawled. Believe me every guy feels awesome when their woman says that. 

04-17-2012, 07:31 AM
mria
I agree with davidscott. Nice discussion guys go ahead.... 

